1 - Convert .exe files to .msi files
1. Download the installer of the program you want to convert (eg Notepad + +).
2. Open the Start menu and launch the EXE2MSI program. 
3. Click on the three dots (...) next to the executable installer file and select the installer downloaded in step.
4. Click the Build MSI button. 
5. At the end of the will operation, the MSI file created successfully message. 
6. Click the OK button. 
7. The folder containing the newly converted file will be opened. 

2 - Access the platform that will enable us to transform the Win32 program into a UWP app:
Go to https://bridge10.azurewebsites.net/, and do registration/login

3 - We now convert the. msi file_it containing the necessary to install the Win32 program_ in app UWP:
1. Click the Upload App button.
2. Read carefully the following and click on the Agree button. 
3. Click the Browse button and select the previously converted. msi file. 
4. Click the Upload button and wait for the .msi file to be uploaded to the servers. 
5. Click the Convert App button. 
6. Will be show a window — Compilatela as follows:
In the installer file name (case sensitive) field, leave YourSetup.msi 
In the Version field, type the version of the app (in our case 7.3.3.0), Remember that the last number must be 0. 
In the Silent Installer Arguments field, delete all and leave the field blank. 
In the Package Architecture field select the architecture of the PC/tablet where the package will be distributed (in our case, having downloaded the installer to 32-bit of Notepad + +, we choose x86). 
In the the App Executable File Name field, type the name of the .exe file that will allow you to run the program (in our case Notepad++.exe). 
In the Package Name field, type the name to be attributed to the app (in our case NotepadUWP). 
Click the Confirm button. 
7. The app will be converted to 60 seconds — wait. 
8. At the end of the operation, at the bottom will two new files:
9. A useless. txt file.
10. An archive in. zip format.
11. Click the Download button near the. zip archive. 
12. Save the archive. 

Note I if you do not see anything in step 9, click the Refresh Workspace button or update the Web page.

4 - We just have to install and launch the app: 
1.  Extract all files in the archive you just downloaded.
2. Make a double click on file auto-generated.pfx.
3. Certificate Import Wizard will start.
4. Select Local Computer and click Next.
5. You will be prompted to specify the file to be imported. Click Browse ... generated.cer in the folder that contains the extracted files.
6. Click on the next button. and select the file auto, and click Next.
7. Click the Finish button to finish.

8. Go to Settings > App > App and Features and make sure that the App Setup section, selects Allow app from any source. 
If the operation has been successful, you will see the message import finished. Click the OK button.
Go to Settings > Update and security > for developers > click Developer mode. Click Yes to any warning to activate. 

9. Make a double click on the file appx.
10. You will be asked to install the package? Click Install.
11. Wait for the installation of the package. 

If the operation has been successful, you will see the message that the package is ready. Press the Start button. 
Note If you view the message in paragraph 12 PC protected by Windows, click on more information, then do it anyway.
